feat: withNegated option for boolean flags (#119)
bloomberg/stricli: docs/docs/features/argument-parsing/flags.mdx

Instead of parsing a flag value as a raw boolean (`--flag=true/false`), you could instead use the special `boolean` flag type which has a few enhancements.

Since boolean flags can only have two values, the presence of the flag can be used to determine the value instead (`--flag`/`-f`). However, depending on the [default value](#defaults), it may be useful to allow for negation. By default, the framework automatically supports additional flags prefixed with `no` to indicate the opposite value (`--noFlag` or `--no-flag` depending on [case style](#case-style)). This type uses the provided `looseBooleanParser` under the hood to allow for values like `yes`/`y` (for `true`) and `no`/`n` (for `false`).

The negation behavior can be controlled using the `withNegated` option:

> -   When `withNegated` is not set or set to `true` (default), the framework generates a negated version of the flag (e.g., `--noQuiet` for `--quiet`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   When `withNegated` is not set or set to `true` (default), a negated version of the flag (e.g., `--noQuiet` for `--quiet`) will be genereated
```
